smart contract merge (#26)
Hyle-org/devhub-hyle: docs/developers/general-doc/smart-contracts.md

| Proving scheme | Verifier | Program ID                                        |
|----------------|----------|---------------------------------------------------|
| Risc Zero      | risc0    | Image ID without a prefix. ex. 0x123 becomes 123. |
| SP1            | sp1      |                                                   |

<!--- **Cairo**: Cairo smart contracts will be identified by their Class Hash in the future.
- **Noir**: Noir smart contracts are identified by they verifying key.
- **Groth16**: Groth16 programs require a trusted ceremony. As such, their identifier is the verifying key corresponding to the matching private key, which will be unique for each program & ceremony.-->

#### State digest

The state digest is a minimal yet comprehensive representation of the contract's current state. It serves as the basis for verifying the integrity of the contract's data.

Some examples of valid state commitments:

- The full state, for a sufficiently small program (e.g. the [Collatz example](../examples/collatz-example-in-depth.md), or a smart-contract with a nonce)
- A merkle root of the state, for larger programs
- A hash of the full state

## Smart contract ABI

> All inputs in Hylé smart contracts must be known at proof generation time. This includes elements that wouldn't be known on other blockchains, such as the origin of the transaction (tx.origin) and the block number.

Reviewer: mh la phrase est un peu weird/inaccurate je trouve. Par essence, il faut tout connaitre at proof time. On connait at proof time les mêmes data qu'on aurait sur les autres chaines at execution time.

Author: tentative
```suggestion
All inputs in Hylé smart contracts must be known at proof generation time. This includes elements that would be known at execution time on other blockchains, such as the origin of the transaction (tx.origin) and the block number.
```
